1. What is SQL? MySQL? What are relational databases?

SQL (Structured Query Language) is a standard language for database creation and manipulation. It is used to
perform tasks such as querying data, updating records, creating tables, and setting permissions. MySQL is a 
relational database program (one of many) that uses SQL queries. It is commonly used for web development and data storage. 
A relational database is a database that store data in tables (relations) where each table consists of rows and columns. It uses a structure that allows 
us to identify and access data in relation to another piece of data in the database, these are called relationships. Tables can 
be linked using relationships based on keys. 

2. What is normalization in SQL?

Normalization in SQL is the process of organizing data in a database to minimize redundancy and improve data integrity. It avoids duplication by using 
relationships. Normalization organizes the columns and tables of a database to ensure that database integrity constrains properly execute their 
dependencies. We use relationships so that our data can scale and be normalized. 

3. What are primary and foreign keys?

Primary keys are a unique identifier for each record in a table. It ensures that no two rows can have the same value in the primary key column, and it cannot
be null. It is the first column and is used to identify that row. 

Foreign keys are the primary key of a row in a diffrent table related to the current table. It is a field in one table that links to the primary key of another 
table. It is used to establish and enforce a relationship between two tables. 

4. What are the three relationship types?

The three relationship types consist of one-to-one, one-to-many, and many-to-many. One-to-one is for every record in the primary table, there is 
one and only one record in the foreign table. One-to-many is for every record in the primary table, there are one or more related records in the foreign 
table. Many-to-many is for every record in the primary table, there are many related records in the foreign table, and for every record in the foreign table, 
there are many related records in the primary table. 

5. What is the difference between a left join and an inner join?

A left join returns all records from the left table and the matching records from the right table. 

An inner join selects records that have matching values in both tables. 
