1. Write a query string with 2 values for www.example.com

A query string is a set of characters tacked onto the end of a URL. The query 
string begins after the question mark (?) and can include one or more parameters. Each 
parameter is represented by a unique key-value pair or a set of two linked data items. An 
equals sign (=) separates each key and value. An ampersand (&) separates multiple parameters. 

www.example.com?query1=123&query2=abc

2. What is meant by escaping a character?

Escaping is to make sure nothing is malicious. We don't want to allow hackers to send us malicious code. Escaping data involves 
removing and replacing any characters that should not appear in a value. Characters that would try to behave like code when we would not 
want them to for example. 

3. What are the following HTTP status and their meanings:
    a. 200 - Success/Ok 
        The HTTP status code 200 represents success which means the page you have requested has been
        fetched. The action made has been accepted and has been delivered to the client by delivering the 
        requested page. 
            GET - entity in reference to the requested source sent to the response 
            POST - entity describing the response of action made 
            HEAD - an entity-header field similar to the requested source 
            TRACE - a request made by the client is taken care of by the server 
    b. 400 - Bad Request 
        When the client requests a page and the server is not able to understand anything, it displays a 400 HTTP
        status code. The client should not repeat the request without any changes. The request can be a malformed, deceptive 
        request routing, or invalid request. 
    c. 401 - Unauthorized Error 
        This HTTP status code requires user authentication. The response includes the WWW-Authenticate header field containing 
        a challenge applied to a requested source. HTTP access authentication "HTTP Authentication: Basic and Digest Access 
        Authentication". 
    d. 403 - Forbidden 
        The HTTP status code 403 implies that the request is understood by the server, but still refuses to fulfill it. If the request 
        method was not HEAD and also the server wants to make it public when the request is not completed, it should tell the reason 
        for the refusal in the entity. 
    e. 404 - Not Found 
        404 HTTP status code appears when you request a URL and then the server has not found anything. This happens when the server doesn't wish to 
        describe the reason why the request has been refused. Also, the server is not able to find a representation for the 
        target resource. 
    f. 500 - Not Implemented 
        When a request is made by the client, the server is not able to recognize the request method and is not able to support any resource. By default, it is 
        cacheable. The methods, the server requires to support are GET and HEAD. The server does not support the functionality required to 
        fulfill the request. 

4. Why do we need to validate data?

Data validation checks for the validity of data. Using a set of rules, it checks whether the data is within the acceptable values defined for the field 
or not. Making sure the data is the right type, optionally not empty, etc. In an example with users we wouldn't want to save a user with no name for example or if it 
was a number input we wouldn't want a string. We can also use regular expressions. 

5. What are sessions and cookies? What do they do?

Sessions store information about a user and their preferences on the server. They are called sessions because they only store the data for the duration of a single visit 
to the site. Cookies are also text files. They live in the tmp directory which is in the apache files in MAMP. 

First, we generate a session and a cookie. That cookie has the ability to access our session on each new request which is where we will determine if they are still authenticated, we 
could revoke the ability to request new data from the backend if needed. We can configure how long both should last, and if a cookie should persist even when a browser is closed. 